Search

“Yes, I do” or “Yes, I have”?
Learn this easy trick to remember how to answer
yes/no questions that use do and have.
This is ... Yes, it does. Yes  ...


People also ask //as you read it appears
Which is correct at school or in school?
What is the meaning of yes of course?
Is school singular or plural?
Is school an institution?


Is it right to say 'I am At school' or 'I'm in school'?//choose the answer and respose gives below results
"In school " means you are attending school (at the moment or in general). in most cases you could actually substitute the word "attending"
"don't call me now,  ...

....?
Is it correct to say I'm in class 3rd?
Is 'yessum' a racist term?
Is, 'I'm not going for the class correct?







"Yes, I do" or "Yes, I have"?
Learn English with Alex...
"Are you?" "Yes, I am. No, I am not"
Kids.... Learn English
How to give short answers about yourself
Learn English with Rebecca...




Yes, I Am A Teacher. What Are You? - Odyssey // text box to answer
I am a teacher.
I have long days and long nights.
Summers are not off (as you may think).
I teach children values and manners.
I make children say "I'm sorry," ...


Which is correct: AT SCHOOL or IN SCHOOL? //choose
In school means the person is studying in general (usually at college or university ) but not necessarily ... “My husband doesn't have a job
because he's in school.



When to use suppose vs. supposed to...
This would be a way to say,
“Yes, I am ready,”
but I am showing reluctance. ...
are supposed to be quiet in class,” and,
“I am supposed to be at work today.”
Don't ...!



Spanish | English
When can we meet? -
Pues, estoy en la clase de español hasta las 5 pm.



YES I can write a class for you
Q: I want to teach Realtor clock hour classes but I'm just not a writer. ...
A: YES I can write real estate clock hour classes for you, individually or for your
real estate  ...


Do you have class tomorrow? //like yes no
Like ... is it correct to say "Do you have english class tomorrow?" ...
A. Yes, I have my Drama class. or, No, I don't have any classes tomorrow.
